Crimes against Women in India

Right from the time of her birth or even before a girl could become victim of a crime or target of a crime.
There are various stages in women's life where she faces threat in all throught her life.
According to National Crime Records Bureau 2019 report of India states a reported crime rate of 
4,05,861 cases of crime against women, where in 2018 it was 3,78,236 crime cases, there is 7% rise in crime against women in a year of gap.

Stage 1 Foeticide and infanticide - Where there is an economic or cultural preference for sons, the pregnancy diagnostic tools can lead to female foeticide
Stage 2 School going age - any Girls are not given the access to and completion of proper primary and secondary education as compared to boys and otherwise may also suffer from discrimination at the hands of parents and teachers in their upbringing.
stage 3 Adolescence - Many adolescent girls become victims of sexual abuse both on internet and otherwise, exploitation and violence, acid attacks, rape ,early marriage, or even HIV/AIDS.
stage 4 Marriage - Many women are tortured physically, economically and emotionally after their marriage by their husband and inlaws.
stage 5 Motherhood - Women are sometimes not provided proper medical care and healthy food during and after her pregnancy .She is often compelled to abort a female foetus.
stage 6 Workplace - often women suffer from exploitation , unequal pay for equal work , lack of promotions despite merit and physical, economic and emotional abuse



Each and every women face one or more crimes in each and every stage of her life.
When these activities come to end?
When girl get a freedom to be herself?
when soceity look the girl child similar to a boy baby?
when these rapes get an end?
When will blindfold of justice get open to see the cry of innocent girls?
When will the government takes a strict action on life spoilers?
All these questions are roaming in mind of each and every women of the country. Government has set up some 
acts to push womens in all field but due to family, cruel world, marriage all her rights are blindfolded.
I guess all these questions stay questions if girls don't question it. Yes, all of us 
need to take part in getting Justice to girls, since a girl may be daughter, wife, sister and  mother. Every mother 
had a love towards her family, every daughter has a love towards family, every sister has love towards her family, every
wife has a love towards her family, so Earth is a family we need to respect all womens feelings and to her life.
Each and every day every girl will be dipped in the sour of family and cruel world lets all join our hands
to provide strength to the girl and say that she is not alone the whole world will try to protect every girls life rather than spoiling it.
Then our nation will stand proud. The Government is taking initiative to control violation on women but still it has failed to
stop these atrocities going on in country.
The acts which are made to give protection to women against voilences:
1. For women harrasement:Sections 294,354, 354A, 509.
2. Acid attack: Section 326A and Section 326B 
3.Rape: 376-Punishment for Rape
	376A-Punshment for causing death or resulting in persistent vegetative stage of victim.
	376B- Sexual Intercourse by Husband upon his wife during separation
	376C- Sexual Intercourse by Person in Authority
	376D-Gang Rape
4.Obscenity and Pornography:    Sections 292,293,294,354,354A,354B,354C,509 of the Indian Penal Code, 1860.
				Sections 66E, 67,67A, 67B of the Information Technology Act, 2000
				Section 6 of the Indecent Representation of Women (Prohibition) Act, 1986
5.Domestic Violence: Section 12 of the Domestic Violence Act, 2005.
6.Dowry: Section 498A, Section 198A,  Section 304B, Section 4 


Are these rules are enough for obusing innocent girls?

Crime1: Manisha Hatra: Hatra's Case
On 14 September 2020, a 19-year-old Dalit woman was gang-raped in Hathras district, Uttar Pradesh, India, allegedly by four upper caste men. 
After fighting for her life for two weeks, she died in a Delhi hospital.
four accused persons:Sandip, Ramu, Lavkush and Ravi

The State government, Yogi Adityanath and district administration announced a compensation of ₹2.5 million (US$35,000) 
to the victim's family and a junior assistant job for a family member.

Will the compensate money bring back that young innocent child? Money can bring happiness but not the child. Why these criminals are not hanged instead jailed? 
None of us has answer for this question and wont question also.

Crime2:Suzette Jordan: The 36-year-old epilepsy patient, who was gang-raped after being picked up in a car metres from the home she was staying at, has now lost her ailing 
mother to prolonged illness. The elderly woman, who had moved into a Panchasayar shelter home on October 30,2019.


victims: Kader Khan, Md. Ali, Nasir Khan, Ruman Khan and Sumit Bajaj

Crime3: She was beaten up, stabbed and then set ablaze by five men on Thursday. All the five accused - Harishankar Trivedi, Ram Kishore Trivedi, Umesh Bajpai, 
Shivam and Shubham Trivedi - involved in the attack on the Unnao rape victim were arrested hours after the incident.

crime4: An eight-years old girl was allegedly raped y 20-years old man in village in jiyanpur area of azamgarh district



















 